Improve README (#64)
Alfresco/alfresco-java-sdk: alfresco-java-rest-api/alfresco-java-rest-api-lib/README.md

```
This overwrites the `acs.version` to 6.2.0 and `ags.version` to 3.5.0-A4 from here:
https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-java-sdk/blob/develop/alfresco-java-rest-api/alfresco-java-rest-api-lib/pom.xml#L23-L24

As part of the script `generate.sh`, the following maven command is executed:

```console
mvn -N -P generate clean generate-sources ${MAVEN_CLI_OPTS}
```

> And in the `generate-sources` phase the script `patch.sh` is executed. This script find and replace the needed configuration to generate the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in the `generate-sources` phase the script `patch.sh` is executed. This script finds and replaces in the generated code configurations with the correct names and cleans unnecessary files.
```
